
# Bedrock Examples

This repository contains Java projects that demonstrate various functionalities using the Bedrock library. The main examples include handling AWS credentials and an example of an anthropic chat model.

## Prerequisites

- Java 1.8
- Maven (latest version recommended)
- AWS SDK 2.21.44

## Project Classes

### `AwsCredentialsPrinter`

This class demonstrates how to load AWS credentials from a file using the AWS SDK for Java. It retrieves the credentials stored in `src/main/resources/aws/credentials` and prints the AWS Access Key ID and Secret Access Key to the console.

### `BedrockAnthropicChatModelExample`

This class uses the Bedrock library to create an instance of `BedrockAnthropicMessageChatModel` configured with AWS credentials from the same credentials file. It then sends a message to the model and prints the response. This example is useful for understanding how to integrate and use anthropic language models with AWS services.

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone <repository-url>
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```sh
   cd bedrock-examples
   ```

3. To install dependencies, compile the project and create the jar file:
   ```sh
   make package
   ```

## Usage

- **Clean the project**: This command will remove all files generated by the previous builds.
  ```sh
  make clean
  ```

- **Run unit tests**: This command will execute all unit tests in the project.
  ```sh
  make test
  ```

- **Compile and build the project**: This will compile the java files and package them into a jar file.
  ```sh
  make package
  ```

- **Run the main class**: To run the main class (`BedrockAnthropicChatModelExample`) use the following command:
  ```sh
  make run
  ```

- **Help**: To see available commands, you can use:
  ```sh
  make help
  ```

## Configuration

- **AWS Credentials**: Place your AWS credentials in the `src/main/resources/aws/credentials` file. You can use the `credentials.sample` as a template.

